list.md, before:

List
===

> List of modules needing updating.

- [x] [variance](https://github.com/compute-io/variance)
- [x] [sum](https://github.com/compute-io/sum)
- [ ] [stdev](https://github.com/compute-io/stdev)
- [ ] [mode](https://github.com/compute-io/mode)
- [ ] [hypot](https://github.com/compute-io/hypot)
- [ ] [hamming](https://github.com/compute-io/hamming)
- [ ] [wmean](https://github.com/compute-io/wmean)
- [ ] [skewness](https://github.com/compute-io/skewness)
- [ ] [kurtosis](https://github.com/compute-io/kurtosis)
- [ ] [erfc](https://github.com/compute-io/erfc)
- [ ] [polynomial](https://github.com/compute-io/polynomial)
- [ ] [erfinv](https://github.com/compute-io/erfinv)
- [ ] [erfcinv](https://github.com/compute-io/erfcinv)
- [ ] [reverse](https://github.com/compute-io/reverse)
- [x] [range](https://github.com/compute-io/range)
- [ ] [erf](https://github.com/compute-io/erf)
- [ ] [signum](https://github.com/compute-io/signum)
- [ ] [nanmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nanmean)
- [x] [nansum](https://github.com/compute-io/nansum)
- [ ] [nanvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/nanvariance)
- [ ] [nanstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/nanstdev)
- [ ] [diff](https://github.com/compute-io/diff)
- [ ] [hmean](https://github.com/compute-io/hmean)
- [ ] [gmean](https://github.com/compute-io/gmean)
- [ ] [nangmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nangmean)
- [ ] [nanhmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nanhmean)
- [ ] [l1norm](https://github.com/compute-io/l1norm)
- [ ] [l2norm](https://github.com/compute-io/l2norm)
- [ ] [qmean](https://github.com/compute-io/qmean)
- [ ] [nanqmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nanqmean)
- [ ] [linfnorm](https://github.com/compute-io/linfnorm)
- [ ] [incrstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/incrstdev)
- [ ] [incrvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/incrvariance)
- [ ] [incrsum](https://github.com/compute-io/incrsum)
- [ ] [incrmax](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmax)
- [ ] [incrmin](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmin)
- [ ] [shuffle](https://github.com/compute-io/shuffle)
- [x] [msum](https://github.com/compute-io/msum)
- [ ] [mmin](https://github.com/compute-io/mmin)
- [ ] [mmax](https://github.com/compute-io/mmax)
- [ ] [unique](https://github.com/compute-io/unique/blob/master/lib/index.js)
	*	can this module also be used for, e.g., object arrays when using an accessor?
- [ ] [idr](https://github.com/compute-io/idr)
- [ ] [iqr](https://github.com/compute-io/iqr)
- [ ] [quantiles](https://github.com/compute-io/quantiles)
- [x] [median](https://github.com/compute-io/median)
- [ ] [midhinge](https://github.com/compute-io/midhinge)
- [ ] [add](https://github.com/compute-io/add)
- [ ] [subtract](https://github.com/compute-io/subtract)
- [ ] [divide](https://github.com/compute-io/divide)
- [ ] [multiply](https://github.com/compute-io/multiply)
- [ ] [trimean](https://github.com/compute-io/trimean)
- [ ] [quantile](https://github.com/compute-io/quantile)
- [ ] [csum](https://github.com/compute-io/csum)
- [ ] [cmax](https://github.com/compute-io/cmax)
- [ ] [cmin](https://github.com/compute-io/cmin)
- [ ] [find](https://github.com/compute-io/find)
- [ ] [midrange](https://github.com/compute-io/midrange)
- [ ] [dot](https://github.com/compute-io/dot)
	*	options needs to include x and y accessor options! Possible that only 1 accessor will be provided, etc.
	*	or just a single accessor for both ???
- [ ] [cross](https://github.com/compute-io/cross)
- [ ] [sqrt](https://github.com/compute-io/sqrt)
- [ ] [roundn](https://github.com/compute-io/roundn)
- [ ] [deg2rad](https://github.com/compute-io/deg2rad)
- [ ] [rad2deg](https://github.com/compute-io/rad2deg)
- [ ] [abs](https://github.com/compute-io/abs)
- [ ] [issorted](https://github.com/compute-io/issorted)
- [ ] [circshift](https://github.com/compute-io/circshift)
- [ ] [isnan](https://github.com/compute-io/isnan)
- [ ] [linspace](https://github.com/compute-io/linspace)
- [ ] [logspace](https://github.com/compute-io/logspace)
- [ ] [incrspace](https://github.com/compute-io/incrspace)
- [ ] [midmean](https://github.com/compute-io/midmean)
- [ ] [isinf](https://github.com/compute-io/isinf)
- [ ] [isnumeric](https://github.com/compute-io/isnumeric)
- [ ] [isfinite](https://github.com/compute-io/isfinite)
- [ ] [isinteger](https://github.com/compute-io/isinteger)
- [ ] [umidmean](https://github.com/compute-io/umidmean)
- [ ] [lmidmean](https://github.com/compute-io/lmidmean)
- [ ] [gt](https://github.com/compute-io/gt)
- [ ] [lt](https://github.com/compute-io/lt)
- [ ] [leq](https://github.com/compute-io/leq)
- [ ] [geq](https://github.com/compute-io/geq)
- [ ] [eq](https://github.com/compute-io/eq)
- [ ] [neq](https://github.com/compute-io/neq)
- [ ] [incrmean](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmean)
- [ ] [midsummary](https://github.com/compute-io/midsummary)
- [ ] [dims](https://github.com/compute-io/dims)
- [ ] [min](https://github.com/compute-io/min)
- [ ] [argmin](https://github.com/compute-io/argmin)
- [ ] [argmax](https://github.com/compute-io/argmax)
- [ ] [max](https://github.com/compute-io/max)
- [ ] [argnanmin](https://github.com/compute-io/argnanmin)
- [ ] [argnammax](https://github.com/compute-io/argnanmax)
- [ ] [nanmin](https://github.com/compute-io/nanmin)
- [ ] [nanmax](https://github.com/compute-io/nanmax)
- [ ] [gcd](https://github.com/compute-io/gcd)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [lcm](https://github.com/compute-io/lcm)
- [ ] [covariance](https://github.com/compute-io/covariance)
	-	accessors
		*	single accessor (same for all arrays)
		*	or fcn array where array length must equal number of input arrays
- [ ] [pcorr](https://github.com/compute-io/pcorr)
	-	accessors
- [x] [zip](https://github.com/compute-io/zip)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [x] [unzip](https://github.com/compute-io/unzip)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [datespace](https://github.com/compute-io/datespace)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrdatespace](https://github.com/compute-io/incrdatespace)
	-	changes may be minimal 
- [x] [mmean](https://github.com/compute-io/mmean)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [mvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/mvariance)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [mstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/mstdev)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [incrmmean](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmmean)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrmstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmstdev)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrmvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmvariance)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrmsum](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmsum)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [mean](https://github.com/compute-io/mean)
	-	needs some code ported to flow
- [ ] [cprod](https://github.com/compute-io/cprod)
	-	copy option => option to mutate input array; default `copy = true`.
- [ ] [mprod](https://github.com/compute-io/mprod)
	-	copy option => option to mutate input array; default `copy = true`.
- [ ] [tversky-index](https://github.com/compute-io/tversky-index)
	-	requires compute modules to be published.





### To Be Finished

> List of modules needing to be finished

- [ ] [factorial](https://github.com/compute-io/factorial)
- [ ] [mmedian](https://github.com/compute-io/mmedian)
- [ ] [nanlpnorm](https://github.com/compute-io/nanlpnorm)
- [ ] [nanintersect](https://github.com/compute-io/nanintersect)
- [ ] [intersect](https://github.com/compute-io/intersect)
- [ ] [nanunique](https://github.com/compute-io/nanunique)
- [ ] [ceil](https://github.com/compute-io/ceil)
- [ ] [floor](https://github.com/compute-io/floor)
- [ ] [isdecimal](https://github.com/compute-io/isdecimal)
- [ ] [chunkify](https://github.com/compute-io/chunkify)
- [ ] [ones](https://github.com/compute-io/ones)
- [ ] [full](https://github.com/compute-io/full)
- [ ] [zeros](https://github.com/compute-io/zeros)
- [ ] [lcs](https://github.com/compute-io/lcs)
- [ ] [lcgshuffle](https://github.com/compute-io/lcgshuffle)
- [ ] [data-frame](https://github.com/compute-io/data-frame)
- [x] [truncmean](https://github.com/compute-io/truncmean)
- [x] [indexspace](https://github.com/compute-io/indexspace)

Commit message:

[UPDATE] diff lag and order params.

list.md, after:

List
===

> List of modules needing updating.

- [x] [variance](https://github.com/compute-io/variance)
- [x] [sum](https://github.com/compute-io/sum)
- [ ] [stdev](https://github.com/compute-io/stdev)
- [ ] [mode](https://github.com/compute-io/mode)
- [ ] [hypot](https://github.com/compute-io/hypot)
- [ ] [hamming](https://github.com/compute-io/hamming)
- [ ] [wmean](https://github.com/compute-io/wmean)
- [ ] [skewness](https://github.com/compute-io/skewness)
- [ ] [kurtosis](https://github.com/compute-io/kurtosis)
- [ ] [erfc](https://github.com/compute-io/erfc)
- [ ] [polynomial](https://github.com/compute-io/polynomial)
- [ ] [erfinv](https://github.com/compute-io/erfinv)
- [ ] [erfcinv](https://github.com/compute-io/erfcinv)
- [ ] [reverse](https://github.com/compute-io/reverse)
- [x] [range](https://github.com/compute-io/range)
- [ ] [erf](https://github.com/compute-io/erf)
- [ ] [signum](https://github.com/compute-io/signum)
- [ ] [nanmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nanmean)
- [x] [nansum](https://github.com/compute-io/nansum)
- [ ] [nanvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/nanvariance)
- [ ] [nanstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/nanstdev)
- [ ] [diff](https://github.com/compute-io/diff)
	-	ability to specify `lag`?
	-	ability to specify `order`?
- [ ] [hmean](https://github.com/compute-io/hmean)
- [ ] [gmean](https://github.com/compute-io/gmean)
- [ ] [nangmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nangmean)
- [ ] [nanhmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nanhmean)
- [ ] [l1norm](https://github.com/compute-io/l1norm)
- [ ] [l2norm](https://github.com/compute-io/l2norm)
- [ ] [qmean](https://github.com/compute-io/qmean)
- [ ] [nanqmean](https://github.com/compute-io/nanqmean)
- [ ] [linfnorm](https://github.com/compute-io/linfnorm)
- [ ] [incrstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/incrstdev)
- [ ] [incrvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/incrvariance)
- [ ] [incrsum](https://github.com/compute-io/incrsum)
- [ ] [incrmax](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmax)
- [ ] [incrmin](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmin)
- [ ] [shuffle](https://github.com/compute-io/shuffle)
- [x] [msum](https://github.com/compute-io/msum)
- [ ] [mmin](https://github.com/compute-io/mmin)
- [ ] [mmax](https://github.com/compute-io/mmax)
- [ ] [unique](https://github.com/compute-io/unique/blob/master/lib/index.js)
	*	can this module also be used for, e.g., object arrays when using an accessor?
- [ ] [idr](https://github.com/compute-io/idr)
- [ ] [iqr](https://github.com/compute-io/iqr)
- [ ] [quantiles](https://github.com/compute-io/quantiles)
- [x] [median](https://github.com/compute-io/median)
- [ ] [midhinge](https://github.com/compute-io/midhinge)
- [ ] [add](https://github.com/compute-io/add)
- [ ] [subtract](https://github.com/compute-io/subtract)
- [ ] [divide](https://github.com/compute-io/divide)
- [ ] [multiply](https://github.com/compute-io/multiply)
- [ ] [trimean](https://github.com/compute-io/trimean)
- [ ] [quantile](https://github.com/compute-io/quantile)
- [ ] [csum](https://github.com/compute-io/csum)
- [ ] [cmax](https://github.com/compute-io/cmax)
- [ ] [cmin](https://github.com/compute-io/cmin)
- [ ] [find](https://github.com/compute-io/find)
- [ ] [midrange](https://github.com/compute-io/midrange)
- [ ] [dot](https://github.com/compute-io/dot)
	*	options needs to include x and y accessor options! Possible that only 1 accessor will be provided, etc.
	*	or just a single accessor for both ???
- [ ] [cross](https://github.com/compute-io/cross)
- [ ] [sqrt](https://github.com/compute-io/sqrt)
- [ ] [roundn](https://github.com/compute-io/roundn)
- [ ] [deg2rad](https://github.com/compute-io/deg2rad)
- [ ] [rad2deg](https://github.com/compute-io/rad2deg)
- [ ] [abs](https://github.com/compute-io/abs)
- [ ] [issorted](https://github.com/compute-io/issorted)
- [ ] [circshift](https://github.com/compute-io/circshift)
- [ ] [isnan](https://github.com/compute-io/isnan)
- [ ] [linspace](https://github.com/compute-io/linspace)
- [ ] [logspace](https://github.com/compute-io/logspace)
- [ ] [incrspace](https://github.com/compute-io/incrspace)
- [ ] [midmean](https://github.com/compute-io/midmean)
- [ ] [isinf](https://github.com/compute-io/isinf)
- [ ] [isnumeric](https://github.com/compute-io/isnumeric)
- [ ] [isfinite](https://github.com/compute-io/isfinite)
- [ ] [isinteger](https://github.com/compute-io/isinteger)
- [ ] [umidmean](https://github.com/compute-io/umidmean)
- [ ] [lmidmean](https://github.com/compute-io/lmidmean)
- [ ] [gt](https://github.com/compute-io/gt)
- [ ] [lt](https://github.com/compute-io/lt)
- [ ] [leq](https://github.com/compute-io/leq)
- [ ] [geq](https://github.com/compute-io/geq)
- [ ] [eq](https://github.com/compute-io/eq)
- [ ] [neq](https://github.com/compute-io/neq)
- [ ] [incrmean](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmean)
- [ ] [midsummary](https://github.com/compute-io/midsummary)
- [ ] [dims](https://github.com/compute-io/dims)
- [ ] [min](https://github.com/compute-io/min)
- [ ] [argmin](https://github.com/compute-io/argmin)
- [ ] [argmax](https://github.com/compute-io/argmax)
- [ ] [max](https://github.com/compute-io/max)
- [ ] [argnanmin](https://github.com/compute-io/argnanmin)
- [ ] [argnammax](https://github.com/compute-io/argnanmax)
- [ ] [nanmin](https://github.com/compute-io/nanmin)
- [ ] [nanmax](https://github.com/compute-io/nanmax)
- [ ] [gcd](https://github.com/compute-io/gcd)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [lcm](https://github.com/compute-io/lcm)
- [ ] [covariance](https://github.com/compute-io/covariance)
	-	accessors
		*	single accessor (same for all arrays)
		*	or fcn array where array length must equal number of input arrays
- [ ] [pcorr](https://github.com/compute-io/pcorr)
	-	accessors
- [x] [zip](https://github.com/compute-io/zip)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [x] [unzip](https://github.com/compute-io/unzip)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [datespace](https://github.com/compute-io/datespace)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrdatespace](https://github.com/compute-io/incrdatespace)
	-	changes may be minimal 
- [x] [mmean](https://github.com/compute-io/mmean)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [mvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/mvariance)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [mstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/mstdev)
	-	accessor
- [ ] [incrmmean](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmmean)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrmstdev](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmstdev)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrmvariance](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmvariance)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [incrmsum](https://github.com/compute-io/incrmsum)
	-	changes may be minimal
- [ ] [mean](https://github.com/compute-io/mean)
	-	needs some code ported to flow
- [ ] [cprod](https://github.com/compute-io/cprod)
	-	copy option => option to mutate input array; default `copy = true`.
- [ ] [mprod](https://github.com/compute-io/mprod)
	-	copy option => option to mutate input array; default `copy = true`.
- [ ] [tversky-index](https://github.com/compute-io/tversky-index)
	-	requires compute modules to be published.





### To Be Finished

> List of modules needing to be finished

- [ ] [factorial](https://github.com/compute-io/factorial)
- [ ] [mmedian](https://github.com/compute-io/mmedian)
- [ ] [nanlpnorm](https://github.com/compute-io/nanlpnorm)
- [ ] [nanintersect](https://github.com/compute-io/nanintersect)
- [ ] [intersect](https://github.com/compute-io/intersect)
- [ ] [nanunique](https://github.com/compute-io/nanunique)
- [ ] [ceil](https://github.com/compute-io/ceil)
- [ ] [floor](https://github.com/compute-io/floor)
- [ ] [isdecimal](https://github.com/compute-io/isdecimal)
- [ ] [chunkify](https://github.com/compute-io/chunkify)
- [ ] [ones](https://github.com/compute-io/ones)
- [ ] [full](https://github.com/compute-io/full)
- [ ] [zeros](https://github.com/compute-io/zeros)
- [ ] [lcs](https://github.com/compute-io/lcs)
- [ ] [lcgshuffle](https://github.com/compute-io/lcgshuffle)
- [ ] [data-frame](https://github.com/compute-io/data-frame)
- [x] [truncmean](https://github.com/compute-io/truncmean)
- [x] [indexspace](https://github.com/compute-io/indexspace)
